new feauture: write file content into treasury key (#88)
AirHelp/treasury: README.md

Note: if secret value is equal to existing one, write is skipped. `--force` flag can be used to overwrite.

> ### Write file content

Reviewer: Missing information about how to handle gziped base64 encoded a secret file.

Author: added: https://github.com/AirHelp/treasury/pull/88/commits/cb3669b31fa883d7f325bb3eb72f25e56f7f9e0e

```
> treasury write development/webapp/credentials_yaml <filename> --file
Success! Data written to: development/webapp/credentials_yaml
```

> Note: if secret value is equal to existing one, write is skipped. `--force` flag can be used to overwrite. Stored file content in key is gzipped and converted to base64

Reviewer 2: Does KMS sets any limits on key size? It would be worth mentioning the limit (if any) here.

Author: changed here: https://github.com/AirHelp/treasury/pull/88/commits/0c7355daba2016ddbe7c57ef9eb97c4e96cdc4d4

Note: if secret value is equal to existing one, write is skipped. `--force` flag can be used to overwrite.

### Write file content
```
> treasury write development/webapp/credentials_yaml <filename> --file
Success! Data written to: development/webapp/credentials_yaml
```

> Note: if secret value is equal to existing one, write is skipped. `--force` flag can be used to overwrite. Stored file content in key is gzipped and converted to base64. You can with easy decode with bash script:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: if secret value is equal to existing one, write is skipped. `--force` flag can be used to overwrite. Stored file content in key is gzipped and converted to base64. You can decode it with bash script easily:
```
